                                Privacy Policy
  This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, and share information that we gather related to your engagement with applications, mobile applications,
and other services that reference or link to this Privacy Policy.

  You must comply with these Terms in your use of our product and only use as permitted by applicable laws and regulations, wherever you may be when you use it.
You must review these Terms to understand how you can and cannot use these services. If you do not agree to these Terms, you must not download or install or 
otherwise use our product.

  You must also comply with our Privacy Policy in using Our Service. To the extent that our Privacy Policy is different from these Terms, the Privacy Policy will apply.
  
  We use Camera and Audio Permission to help you record Video and edit video.

Protect your privacy is important to us. How do we collect and use information?

  While using our Services, we may ask you to provide us certain personally identifiable information used to identify you (“Personal Data”).
Our Services are designed to avoid collecting information such as your name, address, email address or other similar contact data unless you provide such data to us. 
The information we collect include:

   We automatically collect personal data when you interact with our sites and apps. We collect information about your devices and browsing actions and interests 
by using cookies and similar technologies.provides more details.

   Third parties who provide advertising and related services may give us your personal data, these including analytics providers and ad networks.
To serve personalized advertisements in our Services using third-party advertising networks, our legal basis is legitimate interests to run our business. 
If you are in the European Economic Area, some of our third-party advertising networks, will rely on your consent to process Personal Data in order to 
provide personalized advertising to you, therefore you will be asked whether you consent to the collection of your mobile device advertising identifier 
and IP address so that they can provide a personalized advertisement experience. 

  We may receive your personal data from third parties when you buy things through our sites and apps or when you buy things from a third party after clicking 
on an affiliate link in our content. This information may include your contact details and financial and transaction data from providers of technical, payment 
and delivery services.

About sharing data with Third Parties?

We will not share any personal information that we have collected from you except as described below:

  Information Shared with our services provider Third Parties. We may engage third party service providers to work with us for industry research and analysis. 
These third-party services providers have access to your information only for the purpose of performing services on our behalf. We share your personal data 
with third parties who process your data  when they provide services to us, for example data analytics, ad networks, research, marketing and financial services.

 We may share your personal data with third parties who use it for their own purposes if you have provided consent.

  You share your personal data with third parties when you publish content including articles, comments and reviews on our sites and apps.

We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy as business needs require. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes here prior 
to the time they take effect.
